---
title: 2.Data Exploration
excerpt: Computer Science


#최상위 사진
header:
  image: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity.jpg
  teaser: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity-th.jpg

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 3"
    


 #사이드바 설정 
sidebar:
  - title: "Role"
    nav: sidebar-sample

# 해당 글 목차
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

toc_label: "Yimsu's Blog"
toc_icon: "cog"


## 테그설정

categories:
  - DataMining

tags:
  - DataMining
  - "2020"
  - "2020.09"



---

### 1.What is data exploration?

- A preliminary exploration of the data to better understand its characteristics.
    - Key motivations of data exploration include
        - Helping to select the right tool for preprocessing or analysis
        - Making use of humans’ abilities to recognize patterns
            - People can recognize patterns not captured by data analysis tools
    - Related to the area of Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)
        - Created by statistician John Tukey
        - Seminal book is Exploratory Data Analysis by Tukey
        - A nice online introduction can be found in Chapter 1 of the NIST/SEMATECH e-Handbook of Statistical Methods http://www.itl.nist.gov/div898/handbook/index.htm

- Techniques Used In Data Exploration  

    - In EDA, as originally defined by Tukey
        - The focus was on visualization
        - Clustering and anomaly detection were viewed as exploratory techniques
        - In data mining, clustering and anomaly detection are major areas of interest, and not thought of as just exploratory

    - In our discussion of data exploration, we focus on
        - Summary statistics
        - Visualization
        - Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) 


- Iris Sample Data Set
    - Many of the exploratory data techniques are illustrated with the Iris Plant data set.
    - Can be obtained from the UCI Machine Learning Repository  http://www.ics.uci.edu/~mlearn/MLRepository.html 
    - From the statistician Douglas Fisher
    - Three flower types (classes):
        - Setosa
        - Virginica 
        - Versicolour
    - Four (non-class) attributes
        - Sepal width and length
        - Petal width and length

### 2.Summary Statistics

- Summary statistics  are numbers that summarize properties of the data

    - Summarized properties include frequency, location and spread
        - Examples: 	location - mean                    	spread - standard deviation

    - Most summary statistics can be calculated in a single pass through the data


- Frequency and Mode
    - The frequency of an attribute value is the percentage of time the value occurs in the data set 
        - For example, given the attribute ‘gender’ and a representative population of people, the gender ‘female’ occurs about 50% of the time.
    - The mode of an attribute is the most frequent attribute value   
    - The notions of frequency and mode are typically used with categorical data


- Percentiles
    - For continuous data, the notion of a percentile is more useful. 

    - Given an ordinal or continuous attribute x and a number p between 0 and 100, the pth percentile is a value xp of x such that p% of the observed values of x are less than xp. 

    - For instance, the 50th percentile is the value x50% such that 50% of all values of x are less than x50%. 

- Measures of Location: Mean and Median

    - The mean is the most common measure of the location of a set of points.  
    - However, the mean is very sensitive to outliers.   
    - Thus, the median or a trimmed mean is also commonly used.


- Measures of Spread: Range and Variance

    - Range is the difference between the max and min
    - The variance or standard deviation sx is the most common measure of the spread of a set of points.  
    - Because of outliers, other measures are often used. 


### Visualization

- 3.1 Representation
- 3.2 Arrangement
- 3.3 Selection
- 3.4 Techniques
    - Histograms
    - Box Plots, Scatter Plots, Contour Plots, Matrix Plots
    - Parallel Coordinates
    - Star Plots, Chernoff faces 


