---
title: Pie chart
excerpt: sentence


#최상위 사진
header:
  image: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity.jpg
  teaser: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity-th.jpg

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 3"
    


 #사이드바 설정 
sidebar:
  - title: "Role"
    nav: sidebar-sample

# 해당 글 목차
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

toc_label: "Yimsu's Blog"
toc_icon: "cog"


## 테그설정

categories:
  - Grammar

#tags: "ComputerVision"

---





The pie charts show the proportion of students pursuing specific types of degrees at a Canadian university in 1980 and 2000

Overall, it is clear that most student were studying for a bachelor's defree in 1980 and 2000. Also evident is that the percentage of students enrolled in the other three degree programs increased during the 20-year period. Notably, the portion of students seeking a master's degree saw a massive gain.

Looking at the pie charts ore closely, one can see that the proportion of bachelor's degree students, which accounted for more than three-quarters of the total in 1980, dropped sharply to 42 percent in 2000. Even though the share of bachelor's degree students decreased, it still remained the category with the highest percentage of student enrollment. In contrast, the proportion of master's degree students, representing nine percent in 1980, nearly quadrupled by 2000, Meanwhile, the share of students pursuing doctral and associated degrees went up by only three and five pecentage points respectivly.



The pie charts show the online musice service user by age group

Overall, it is clear that each group changed considerably.

the users between 40 and 49 group made up the largest category in 2013. but it was replaced by 30 to 39 group in 2015

20 to 29 users comprised the largest category in 2017.




-pie
went up by five percentage points, 5% of users, become the second largest in 2010



-bar
for those year, during period, In contrast, roughly, from a to b
surpass, exceed, second highest number, surge, remain, 
plunge, at this time, two-thirds, consistently, by 2006,
divided into A,B,C, remain that way, has been growing slowy, will likely remain that way

-line
the proprtion of people, the protion of the A aged 1 to 2, plum,  get bigger, grew, comprise, gradually reaching nearly 10 percent, has been consistently shrinking, expand, soar, unchanged, indicates, according to the graph over the 10-year period, over the nine years following 2001



