---
title: Map
excerpt: sentence


#최상위 사진
header:
  image: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity.jpg
  teaser: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity-th.jpg

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 3"
    


 #사이드바 설정 
sidebar:
  - title: "Role"
    nav: sidebar-sample

# 해당 글 목차
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

toc_label: "Yimsu's Blog"
toc_icon: "cog"


## 테그설정

categories:
  - Grammar

#tags: "ComputerVision"

---

The map show diffent point in Somerville between 10 years ago and now,
-> the diffences in the twon of Somerville over a 10-year period


Overall, it is more clear that hotels and retail shops were builted along the reiver.
-> Overall, it is more clear that hotels and new retail establishments have been buil near the river


Ten years ago, there are mostly vacant shops. but now, Many new businesses are in there.
-> With only two car parks and a main road, the land was mostly vacant ten year ago, but now the town offers many new business


Looking at the map more closely, one can see that the car park has been replaced into resturant and cafe. 
-> Looking at the map more closely, one can see that the most noticeable alteration to the town was the removal of car park 1 and the addition of resturants and a cafe in its place.


the hotel has been along the river.
-> Furthermore, hotels now line the river along the new footpath.


shops and bookstore have been added.
-> Some shops and a bookstore have been added near this area over the years, completely transforming the site.


the road paralleled to the river in 10 years ago. thesesday, it lead to car park
-> The other substantial change was the rerouting of the road, which used to be parallel to the river. It is now curved and leads to the remaining car park.


the golf course also is added next to the park
-> Finally, a large golf course was constructed in the unused land next to the car park.



-map
over the 10-year period,



-table
in the years 2000, 2001, and 2002  , combined, It is also noticeable that sv,
during this period, A upward trend was seen, to five times, the lowest volum the figures sharply dropped by the year 2000, have the lowest proportion of, 
10% of people, a was higher in 2000 than it was in 2001, three times higher than b,



-line
the proportion of people, the protion of the A aged 1 to 2, plum, get bigger,
grew, comprise, gradually reaching nearly 10 percent, has been consistently shrinking, expand, soar, unchanged, indicates, according to the graph ove the 10-year period, over the nine years following 2000

-bar
for those year, during period, In contrast, roughly, from a to b, 
surpass, exceed, second highest number, surge, remian plunge, at this time,
two-thirds, consistently, by 2000, divided into A B C, remain that way,
has been grouwing slowly, will likely remain that way

-pie 
went up by five percentage points, 5% of users, become the second largest in 2000,
occupy, is splited between, The pie charts shows information about, is used for, 
without, except, apart from, lower than, is used in, under 10 percent, respectively equal to or less than 10 percent
