---
title: Pie chart2
excerpt: sentence


#최상위 사진
header:
  image: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity.jpg
  teaser: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity-th.jpg

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 3"
    


 #사이드바 설정 
sidebar:
  - title: "Role"
    nav: sidebar-sample

# 해당 글 목차
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

toc_label: "Yimsu's Blog"
toc_icon: "cog"


## 테그설정

categories:
  - Grammar

#tags: "ComputerVision"

---

The pie charts shows land use by purpose each country.
-> The pie charts show information about how land is used in Portugal, New zealand

Overall, it is clear that most lands of each country are non-agricultural land. Pasture land is smaller than Arable land With out New Zealand.


Lookaing at the pie chart more closely, one can see that non-agricultural land have large portion in Norway and Canada. 
-> Looking at the pie chare more closely, one can see that Canada and Norway have massive portions, over 90 percent, of non-agricultural land. 

It also be similiar in Portugal ouccupying 57% of land.
-> At just under 60 percent, Portugal's share of non-agricultural land is also quite high. 

 New Zealand evenly split between non-agricultural land and pasture land. 
->In contrast, New Zealand has the most even split between non-agricultural land and pasture land, the latter of which make 

Pasture is lesser than 10% in Portugal, Canada, Norway. 
->Meanwhile, Portugal,Canada, and Norway all use less than 10 percent of their land for pasture, with Canada and Norway using just two and on pecent, respectively.


Arable land is under th 5% of proportion or same without Portugal
->Apart from Portugal, where 34 percent of the land is arable, all the countries have proportions of arable land that are equal to or less than five percent.




-line
the proportion of people, the protion of the A aged 1 to 2, plum, get bigger,
grew, comprise, gradually reaching nearly 10 percent, has been consistently shrinking, expand, soar, unchanged, indicates, according to the graph over the 10- year period, over the nine years following 2001

-bar 
for those year, during period, In contrast, roughly, from a to b,
surpass, exceed, second highest number, surge, remain, plunge, at this time,
two-thirds, consistently, by2006, divided into A,B,C, remain that way,
has been growing slowly, will likely remain that way

-pie
went up by five percentage points, 5% of users, become the second largest in 2010,
occupy, is splited betwwen, The pie charts show information about how, is used for,
without, except, Apart from, lower than, is used in, under 10 percent, respectively
equal to or less than 10 percent,