---
title: Table3
excerpt: sentence


#최상위 사진
header:
  image: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity.jpg
  teaser: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity-th.jpg

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 3"
    


 #사이드바 설정 
sidebar:
  - title: "Role"
    nav: sidebar-sample

# 해당 글 목차
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

toc_label: "Yimsu's Blog"
toc_icon: "cog"


## 테그설정

categories:
  - Grammar

#tags: "ComputerVision"

---

The table show information about international students who come from 3 countries and economical value of international students in US.
-> The table show how much international students in the US contributed to the economy in the years 2005,2010, and 2015, and the bar graph indicates how the nubmer of these students changed from 2005 to 1015 based on their home countries.



Overall, it is clear that Economic value of international student has been growing. Eventually, It is three times at 2015 compare with 2005.
-> According to the table, it is clear that the economic contiribution of students from overseas grew significantly in the US.



Looking at the tabel more closely, one can see that all of students are less than 100,000 and India students are the most highest number in 2005.
-> the total number of students from china, india, and south was higher in 2015 than it was in 2005

In contrast, the number of China students had directly increased and over the India student and South korea student in 2015. 
-> the number of both Chinese and Indian students had markedly increased by 2015


They are three times at Korea
-> There were approximately 230,000 Indian students and almost 350,000 Chinese students in the US that year, with the latter figure being about three times higher than the number of South Koreans that were studying in the country.




-table
in the years 2000, 2001, and 2002  , combined, It is also noticeable that sv,
during this period, A upward trend was seen, to five times, the lowest volum the figures sharply dropped by the year 2000, have the lowest proportion of, 
10% of people, a was higher in 2000 than it was in 2001, three times higher than b,



-line
the proportion of people, the protion of the A aged 1 to 2, plum, get bigger,
grew, comprise, gradually reaching nearly 10 percent, has been consistently shrinking, expand, soar, unchanged, indicates, according to the graph ove the 10-year period, over the nine years following 2000

-bar
for those year, during period, In contrast, roughly, from a to b, 
surpass, exceed, second highest number, surge, remian plunge, at this time,
two-thirds, consistently, by 2000, divided into A B C, remain that way,
has been grouwing slowly, will likely remain that way

-pie 
went up by five percentage points, 5% of users, become the second largest in 2000,
occupy, is splited between, The pie charts shows information about, is used for, 
without, except, apart from, lower than, is used in, under 10 percent, respectively equal to or less than 10 percent
