---
title: Line graph3
excerpt: sentence


#최상위 사진
header:
  image: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity.jpg
  teaser: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity-th.jpg

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 3"
    


 #사이드바 설정 
sidebar:
  - title: "Role"
    nav: sidebar-sample

# 해당 글 목차
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

toc_label: "Yimsu's Blog"
toc_icon: "cog"


## 테그설정

categories:
  - Grammar

#tags: "ComputerVision"

---

for those year , during period, In contrast, roughly, from a to b,
surpass, exceed, second highest number, surge, reamin,
plunge, at this time, two-thirds, cosistently, by 2006,
divided into A,B,C, remain that way, has been growing slowy, will likely remain that way, the proportion of people, the protion of the A aged 1 to 2, plum, get bigger, grew, comprise, ,gradually reaching nearly 10 percent, has been consistently shrinking, expand, soar, unchanged, indicates, According to the graph
over the 10-year perod, over the nine years following 2001



The left line graph shows Public transit passengers from 1989 to 2009 and left one shows bus and tran passengers from 2000 to 2008.
-> The first line graph shows the ridership numbers for public transit between 1089 and 2009, and the second one indicates the passenger data for buses and trams form 2000 to 2008 in Meblourne


The public transit passenger has been consistently growing by 2009. It was about 280 millions in 1989 but It would be 500 million in 2009.
-> According to the first graph, it is clear that the number of public transit passenger in Melbourne increase significantly over the 20-year period


Looking at the graph more closely, one can see that it doesn't show directly surpass for five years. It remain that way before 2004. After then, It soared in last five years.



Bus and tram passenger have been increasing together by 2008. Tram passenger was bigger than Bus passenger until 2004. In contrast, Bus users grow up from 2004. In 2008, they were about 220 million
-> In the second graph, it is clear that even though bus and tram passenger numbers both went up over the eight years following 2000, there was a great increase in bus riders.
