---
title: Line graph2
excerpt: sentence


#최상위 사진
header:
  image: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity.jpg
  teaser: /assets/images/foo-bar-identity-th.jpg

gallery:
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-1-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-2-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 2"
  - url: /assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3.jpg
    image_path: assets/images/unsplash-gallery-image-3-th.jpg
    alt: "placeholder image 3"
    


 #사이드바 설정 
sidebar:
  - title: "Role"
    nav: sidebar-sample

# 해당 글 목차
toc: true
toc_sticky: true

toc_label: "Yimsu's Blog"
toc_icon: "cog"


## 테그설정

categories:
  - Grammar

#tags: "ComputerVision"

---


for those years, during period, In contrast, roughly, from a to b, surpass
exceed, second highest number
=
surge, remain, plunge, At this time, two-thirds, consistently, by 2006
=
divided into A,B,C , remain that way, has been growing slowly, 
is projected to continue to do so, as a proportion, 
will likely remain that way,the proportion of people, the portion of the A aged 1 to 2
=
plum, get bigger, grew, comprise , ,greadually reaching nearly 10 percent, 
has been consistently shrinking, exapnd


The line graph shows Chile's demoraphic info divided into 3 age groups which are youngest group of 0-4 years,middle group of 15-64,oldest group of 65 years and over between 1975 to 1935.
-> The line graph shows past and futrue Chile's demographic information from 1975 to 2035 divided into the age groups 0 to 14 years, 15 to 64 years, and 65 years and older.


Overall, it is clear that middle group consistently largest among three groups during period. 
-> Overall, it is clear that the portion of the population aged 15 to 64 has consistently been the largest and will likely remain that way.

Oldest group of that compare with youngest group of one-fifth has been growing slowly and expected to expand. 
-> It is also evident that the oldest group has been growing slowly and is expect to get even bigger


Youngest group has been plunge consistantly and it going to continue to do so.
-> Meanwhile, the proportion of people under 15 has been plummeting and is projected to continue to do so



Looking at the graph more closely, one can see that middle group had been increased by 2015 and then after it is expect to derease. 
-> Looking at the graph more closely, one can see that the largest age group comprises 15 to 64 year olds and that it grew steadily from 1975 to 2015, gradually reaching nearly 70 percent.

Oldest gourp was increasing and it is going to be three times bigger 2035 than 1975 year. 


Youngest group is consistently decreasing.